Q:1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Sol: Functions allow us to write code without duplicating bits of code.
     
     The advantage of this is that it allows us to correct bugs in only one place.
     Functions also help in making the program smaller and therefore easier to maintain.

Q:2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

Sol: The code in the function body is executed only when the function is called.

Q:3. What statement creates a function?

Sol: def statement declares of defines a function.

Q:4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

Sol: A function refers to the function defination, it describes the function name and the function body
     (which defines the utility of the function). 

     The function call is a statement that asks the python interpreter to execute the function that wh
      have defined.

Q:5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

Sol: Every python program has only one global scope, the lifetime of global scope is from the start 
     of the program execution to till the program execution is done and terminates.

     A python program can have multiple local scopes, a local scope is created whenever a function is 
     called and local scope is destroyed whenever the function call is done or terminated.

Q:6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

Sol: In this case the funciton returns the value and the local scope is destroyed.

Q:7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

Sol: A return value is any value that is returned from a function call. 
     
     The returned value can be part of an expression, since it is nothing but a placeholder for a 
     value that is expected to be returned from a function call.

Q:8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

Sol: If a function does not have a return value than python automatically assigns a 'return None' to this
     function.

     The value returned from this kind of functions is 'None'. None belongs to the None Data type.

Q:9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

Sol: You can do this by using the global statement, declaring that variable refers to the one in the 
     global scope.

Q:10. What is the data type of None?

Sol: None Data Type.

Q:11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?

Sol: The above statement imports a module by the name 'areallyourpetsnamederic'.

Q:12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?

Sol: spam.bacon()

Q:13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

Sol: This is done by exception handling. In python we use try / except statements for exception handling.

Q:14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

Sol: In the try clause we enter the statements that we expect may cause an exception to be raised.
    
     In the except clause we enter the statement that handle the case of when an exception occurs
     in the block of the try clause.