Q:1. Which of the following are operators, and which are values?

*
'hello'
-88.8
-
/
+
5

Sol : The values given abouve are {'hello', -88.8, 5}, the rest are operators.

Q:2. Which of the following is a variable, and which is a string?

spam
'spam'

Sol: 'spam' is a string, since in python strings are enclosed in single quotes. spam can refer to a variable,
     since it is a legal variable name and therefore can be assigned a value.

Q:3. Name three data types.

Sol: The three data types in python are:

        1) Integer data type (int), this refers to mathematical integers (-23, 0 , 1, 23242).
        2) Floating point numbers (float), this refers to decimal number (-34.23, 45.342, 1.0).
        3) String data type (str), this refers to textual data, this data type is enclosed in quotes (single, double 
            or triple quotes). Ex: 'Name', "Is", '''Multi line Support''', """is possible using triple quotes""". 

Q:4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Sol: An expression is made up of operands and operators.

     Operands are values on which mathematical operations in an expression take place.

     Operators are symbols that indicate the type of operation that occurs between its operands
     in an expression.

     Expression akways evaluate down to a single value.

Q:5. This chapter introduced assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Sol: An expression evaluates to a sinlge value( that is returns a number). An assignment statement assigns the value on the 
     right hand side of the assignment operator ('=' Equal symbol) to the variable on the left hand side.

Q:6. What does the variable bacon contain after the following code runs?

bacon = 20
bacon + 1

Sol: The variable bacon holds the value 20. (Since bacon + 1 is not assigned to bacon ==> this expression only uses the value
     present in bacon variable to evaluate the expression.)

Q:7. What should the following two expressions evaluate to?

'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Sol: 'spam' + 'spamspam' --> 'spamspamspam' (String Concatenation)
     'spam' * 3 --> 'spamspamspam' (String Replication)

Q:8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Sol: eggs is valid variable name since it follows the convention set in python for variable names.
     100 is not valid variable name since it starts with a number (against convention for python variable names).

Q:9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

Sol: int() --> Converts an appropriate float or string to int data type.
     float() --> Converts an appropriate int or string to float data type.
     str() --> Converts int or float to string data type.

Q:10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Sol: The above line causes an error, since we are trying to concatenate a string to an int.
     
     You can fix the above string by converting the int in the line to a string.

    Fixd Line ---> 'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos'